**Directory Description**
- `infolab_diary.pdf`: This document contains our own informal notes on the project. Here, the tasks for the day are written down as well as the tasks that have been completed. Furthermore, this document includes anything that might have been learned during a workshop or a class that could be important to keep in mind. During the in-class moments, the white board is also used quite a lot, so photos of this are also included in the diary.
- `xgboost.pdf`: This document includes research on the gradient boosting algorithm "XGBoost". This was the first model that we thought might work well for the data, based on the findings of the data analysis. The document defines what gradient boosting is, explains how the XGBoost algorithm works, and offers some advantages and disadvantages that might come with using this model.
- `lightgbm.pdf`: This document includes research on the gradient boosting algorithm "LightGBM". After having done the EDA, it became clear that whatever machine learning model that was going to be used had to be good at handling mixed data types since our dataset contained numbers, text and categories. XGBoost is a powerful model, but it is not the most efficient when handling multiple data types. LightGBM is also a gradient boosting model, so it has a lot of the same advantages that XGBoost has, but it has built in functions to handle mixed data types, making it more fitting to the dataset.
- `interim_presentation.pdf`: Our interim presentation.
- `final_blockbuster_presentation.pdf`: Final presentation for the end of the course (week 4). This presentation has a small summary of the `interim_blockbuster_presentation.pdf`, but it is mostly the new findings, progress, and knowledge acquired between weeks 3 and 4. This is a good way to display the entire process of prepping our dataset, and modeling it to achieve our target goal and answer our research question.
- `shap.pdf`: This document includes some research on SHAP values.